Clarification concerning layers security (#7038)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/security/layer.rst

     - r/w
     - r
   * - (All other users)
     - (none)
     - r
     - r
     - r

> .. note:: Specific workspace rule ``private.*.r=TRUSTED_ROLE`` will take precedence over the more generic rule ``*.*.r=*``. When a request is made to read a layer ``private:vulnerable_infrastructure`` the most specific rule available is used to control access. In this case the workspace rule ``private.*.r=TRUSTED_ROLE`` is the most specific and only users that have TRUSTED_ROLE will be granted ``r`` access and be able to read the ``private:vulnerable_infrastructure`` layer.  Other users that do not have the TRUSTED_ROLE will not be granted ``r`` access and will be unable to access the ``private:vulnerable_infrastructure`` layer.

Reviewer: I guess I am not american so I only just noticed that ``congress_district`` must be a layer name in the table.

     - r
     - r

.. note:: Specific workspace rule will take precedence over the more generic rule.When *.*.r = * is set and more specific rule for workspace private is assigned as private.*.r = TRUSTED_ROLE,
	Then specific rule for workspace would take precedence. Hence private workspace layers would be read by TRUSTED_ROLE users only and other users wont be able to read private workspace layers:

> 

Reviewer: The clarification being provided here makes me more confused.  I think this could be better communicated with an example; or a diagram.

> .. note:: Specific workspace rule will take precedence over the more generic rule.When *.*.r = * is set and more specific rule for workspace private is assigned as private.*.r = TRUSTED_ROLE,
> 	Then specific rule for workspace would take precedence. Hence private workspace layers would be read by TRUSTED_ROLE users only and other users wont be able to read private workspace layers:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Specific workspace rule ``private.*.r=TRUSTED_ROLE`` will take precedence over the more generic rule ``*.*.r=*``. When a request is made to read a layer ``private:vulnerable_infrastructure`` the most specific rule available is used to control access. In this case the workspace rule ``private.*.r=TRUSTED_ROLE`` is the most specific and only users that have TRUSTED_ROLE will be granted ``r`` access and be able to read the ``private:vulnerable_infrastructure`` layer.  Other users that do not have the TRUSTED_ROLE will not be granted ``r`` access and will be unable to access the ``private:vulnerable_infrastructure`` layer.
```

Author: @jodygarnett : I have updated the table and notes accordingly

Reviewer: Thanks!
